XSUP-39590/ XDR IR mappers update (#35505)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/6_1_55.md

#### Mappers
##### XDR - Incoming Mapper

> Added support for mapping in the severity **critical**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for **critical** severity mapping from Cortex XDR incident to Cortex XSOAR incident.
```

##### Cortex XDR - Outgoing Mapper

> Added support for mapping out the severity **critical**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for **critical** severity mapping from Cortex XSOAR incident to Cortex XDR incident.
```
